where will we find the mummy don't worry
the mummy you'll find you you'll halt as
you follow bud and Lou in a strange land
where exotic dancers perform ancient
rituals you'll scream at this mystic
world of mad magic and uproarious
adventure does this mean anything to you
it means death to whoever holds it
starring Bud Abbott and blue Costello
with sultry Marie Windsor giving you
your first look inside Costello a little
ice let's stop fooling in caramel and
Peggy King George gobos TV girlfriends
imagine Lou trying to be charming to a
snake and bud at the end of his rope
stamp Lowen
your nerves will jangle as they tangle
with terror meddle with murder and tried
to elude a curse four thousand years old
Oh